Genisys show my heart chorus hey it's DC
here with D Claiborne comm home of
Genesis strength & Conditioning thanks
for checking out this video if you
haven't yet make sure you subscribe by
hitting that button above and check out
the links below to pick up your free
gift and stay in touch with us to
continue to receive all our updates and
information to help you become a better
athlete look more stacked and jacked and
now also become better and stronger and
a more efficient crossfitter speaking of
CrossFit today going to cover kind of
some different ways to challenge
yourself workout wise that will carry
over into your training and carry over
into a competition based workouts the
best way to really put this is have you
ever done or seeing the guy at your gym
or at a local competition where as long
as the weight is light he you know he
destroys every workout that gets thrown
at him he crushes you he crushes your
soul he's just flying through it but
once a little weight is added for
multiple reps even though he has may
have a decently high max at specific
lists once that weight gets up there for
higher reps he really just seems to hit
a wall truck runs over him and everyone
seems to be able to pass him by or at
least catch up to him
why is that it's because really it's
tough with with a lot of the CrossFit
programming to really hit a heavy mech
on that's going to be consistent and
long enough to where you're getting the
power endurance and the strength
endurance benefits to make you a better
CrossFit athlete and better cross that
are in general yes there's a you know
there's a lot of strength programs that
we run that will make someone really
strong get them stronger and something
like their one rep max and then we run a
lot of typical workouts and conditioning
programs and met cons that will get them
in a lot better shape at lighter weights
but those really don't cross over too
much in terms of heavier weights for
longer met cons in
typical programming so really the best
way to attack that the best way to to
force yourself to to get better at that
and allow you to choke through and
really you know crush those type of
workouts when they pop up is to follow
this really done a simple type of rep
scheme that we put together based off
any workout that pops up these are on
the main side at a you know at your box
and you know gym or one that you put
together you know you really need to
work on by taking these this ratio and
applying it to your workout is really
going to allow you to work more in that
power endurance level at the right rep
range so you're able to benefit overall
and become a better crossfitter so what
this means to be you're to increase your
power and strength endurance numbers is
basically if if a workout it has a you
know we can fit say a couplet or triplet
and one of the movements has a total of
100 plus reps and then you want to make
sure that you run it you know prescribed
from there it starts to get a little
different is if that workout has
anywhere between 50 to 100 reps you are
related 50% of your 1 rep max of that
movement so if it's a if it's front
squat and you have a total like 75 reps
in there then you want to run that a
minimum of you know 50% so 500 315 that
would put me somewhere you know 100 160
155 160 for my workout for all 50 to 100
reps to really start hammering and
helping more of the power endurance
strength endurance type level and then
finally if it's a workout that I would
say you know some 50 reps
I put 45 up here just because I was
thinking something more like Fran but if
you really want to attack and really
want to force yourself to get used to
moving heavier weight for longer periods
of time and building up that power and
power endurance and strength endurance
then you were on something a movement
that sub 50 reps at 75% you're
so for example last time I actually did
a heavy thruster single it was somewhere
believe I was at 285 and so if I wanted
to run Fran purely based off a power
endurance and building and strength
endurance and building that side up I
would take to you know to 75 to 85 and
run at 75% of that so I'd be 140 um I
don't know I can't do math on the fly
140 plus another 72 plus another yeah 72
10 205 someone that 200 and 210 range I
believe you can don't check my math and
if I'm wrong don't hate me but it would
be so I would be running Fran add a tour
and a tutor pounds for thrusters and
that is going to just destroy me but
it's also going to prep my body kill my
friend time but it's going to prep my
body and prep my mind and get my you
know body and system used to handling
heavier weights for longer periods of
time and operating at am a heavier level
so start plugging this type of formula
into your CrossFit training if if um you
know strength endurance and power
desserts and the heavier weights is
really what seems to be holding you back
give it a shot if you have to quite
comment below if you have any questions
now you guys know and knowings half the
battle Genisys
show my heart tourism saying uh-huh Joe